daml-lf: test equality and hashing of values (#3715)
digital-asset/daml: daml-lf/spec/daml-lf-1.rst

  Evaluation result
    r ::= Ok v                                      -- ResOk

>        |  Err t                                    -- ResErr

Reviewer: Either add a space here or remove from the previous line.

```suggestion
       |  Err t                                     -- ResErr
```

  predicate give as first argument.

Text map functions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Entries ordering**: All the operation above preserved the order of

>  the map according the lexicographic order of its keys.

Reviewer: Typos:

```rst
**Entry order**: The operations above preserve the order of
the map according to the lexicographic order of its keys.
```

>  the map according the lexicographic order of its keys.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what it means to both "preserve" the order and also use lexicographic ordering. (I'm probably missing something.) If it's ordered lexicographically, then it's sorted, and it's not necessary to "preserve" anything; there's an invariant in place.

  // * must be non empty *

Maps
....

The program serialization format does not provide any direct way to

> encode neither `TextMap` not `GenMap`. DAML-LF programs can create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encode either `TextMap` or `GenMap`. DAML-LF programs can create
```
